=head1 NAME

zmmsgmover - Zimbra Message Mover tool

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<zmmsgmover> [I<options>...] I<account@domain>|B<ALL> I<src-folder> I<dst-folder>

     --man           show man-page and exit
 -h, --help          display this help and exit
     --noaction      just talk don't act
     --verbose       talk while working

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Migrate messages from one folder to another. Removing the source folder
after migration.  If the destination folder does not exist, the selected
mailbox will simply be renamed to the new name.

The initial C</> for folder names is implide. Write C<Sent> and not C</Sent>.

This command has to be executed as the zimbra user (C<sudo su - zimbra>).

=head1 EXAMPLES

Move all messages for one account

  zmmsgmover tobi@zimbra.oetiker.ch sent-mail Sent

Move messages for all accunts on the system

  zmmsgmover ALL sent-mail Sent

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2016 by OETIKER+PARTNER AG. All rights reserved.

=head1 LICENSE

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.

=head1 AUTHOR

S<Tobias Oetiker E<lt>tobi@oetiker.chE<gt>>

=head1 HISTORY

 2016-02-15 to Initial Version

=cut
            
